README.md, before:

# Frappe Gmail Thread

A Frappe app that integrates with Gmail's Thread ID to seamlessly sync and track email conversations within your Frappe/ERPNext instance. This provides a unified view of your communications, allowing you to link email threads directly to ERPNext documents like Leads, Sales Orders, and Tasks.

### [View the GitHub Wiki for Full Documentation](https://github.com/rtCamp/frappe-gmail-thread/wiki "null")

## Key Features

- **Seamless Email Syncing:** Automatically syncs sent and received emails into your Frappe instance.

- **Threaded Conversations:** Organizes emails into cohesive threads based on Gmail's native Thread ID.

- **Document Linking:** Link email threads to any ERPNext doctype to view communication history in the document's activity feed.

- **Multi-User Visibility:** Emails with CC/BCC recipients automatically grant all involved users access to the thread.

- **Attachment Management:** Attachments are linked to the thread and visible within the associated document.

- **Manual User Access:** Manually add users to a thread to grant them access to the conversation.

- **Selective Syncing:** Use Gmail labels to control which emails are synced to Frappe, giving you granular control over what data is stored.

## Technical Details

The app uses email message IDs and reference headers to group emails into a single `Gmail Thread` doctype, unifying threads across different user mailboxes within Frappe.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you encounter any bugs or have suggestions, please open an issue or submit a pull request on our GitHub repository.

Commit message:

Update README with installation and contribution info

README.md, after:

# Frappe Gmail Thread

A Frappe app that integrates with Gmail's Thread ID to seamlessly sync and track email conversations within your Frappe/ERPNext instance. This provides a unified view of your communications, allowing you to link email threads directly to ERPNext documents like Leads, Sales Orders, and Tasks.

### [View the GitHub Wiki for Full Documentation](https://github.com/rtCamp/frappe-gmail-thread/wiki "null")

## Key Features

- **Seamless Email Syncing:** Automatically syncs sent and received emails into your Frappe instance.

- **Threaded Conversations:** Organizes emails into cohesive threads based on Gmail's native Thread ID.

- **Document Linking:** Link email threads to any ERPNext doctype to view communication history in the document's activity feed.

- **Multi-User Visibility:** Emails with CC/BCC recipients automatically grant all involved users access to the thread.

- **Attachment Management:** Attachments are linked to the thread and visible within the associated document.

- **Manual User Access:** Manually add users to a thread to grant them access to the conversation.

- **Selective Syncing:** Use Gmail labels to control which emails are synced to Frappe, giving you granular control over what data is stored.

## Installation

Run the following command to install the app.

```bash
bench get-app git@github.com:rtCamp/frappe-gmail-thread.git
bench --site [site-name] install-app frappe_gmail_thread
bench --site [site-name] migrate
bench restart
```

For local development, check out our dev-tool for seamlessly building Frappe apps: [frappe-manager](https://github.com/rtCamp/Frappe-Manager)  
NOTE: If using `frappe-manager`, you might require to `fm restart` to provision the worker queues.

## License

This project is licensed under the [AGPLv3 License](license.txt).

## Technical Details

The app uses email message IDs and reference headers to group emails into a single `Gmail Thread` doctype, unifying threads across different user mailboxes within Frappe.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you encounter any bugs or have suggestions, please open an issue or submit a pull request on our GitHub repository. Make sure to read [contribution.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
